---
layout: notes
attendees: 'Sam Matthews, Ryan Small, Debbie Bull, Andrew Powers, Aaron Racicot'
location: Remote (Google Hangout)
time: 3pm
---

## Agenda

* Ryan purchased a projector - yay! Go Ryan!
* Cover last meeting's "next tasks" - done!
* USBank transfer
* Upcoming meeting
* Spring Fling

## USBank Transfer

* Aaron (current holder of USBank account) explains what is necessary for us to transfer bank account ownership over to Ryan Small (treasurer)
* We need a document (meeting notes) signed by the board indicating Ryan Small was elected treasurer on 01/11/2017 date and that he is authorized to access the bank account
* The plan is to print out board meeting notes from 01/11/2017 and having the board sign. Sam to coordinate.
* **MOTION** to add Ryan as signer on the CUGOS bank account, Debbie seconded, passes unanimously
* Ryan and Aaron will find time to go to the bank together in the next few weeks and get Ryan added as a signer.
* Aaron has some older materials (invoices, receipts, bank statements/docs) in DropBox. He'll share that folder and we can continue to use it for that purpose, or move to something else if we choose.

## Upcoming meeting (02/15/2017)

* We’ve had more additions to slack, which is great
* Agenda is looking a bit thin, some potential topics to reach out for:
  * Drones
  * Micro directions mapping
  * Indoor mapping & directions
* Andrew is planning on a presentation for the meeting this week to talk about the Spring Fling that lays out how it is coordinated, what a volunteer commitment looks like, and estimated time involved. Goal is to highlight what's required and get people interested.
* Happy to have a small meeting with current agenda - more social time is always fun

## Spring Fling

* Format - Andrew mentioned hosting an unconference-style event - we didn't discuss this.
* Last year it became obvious that we were pushing the maximum capacity of the facility, which bled over to the afternoon (it was too crowded). Let's aim for a larger venue.
* Aiming for a Saturday to be able to use adjacent classrooms for breakouts and sidecars, plus this may open up the option to get the auditorium across the hall
* How can we get more board members involved? Andrew to present at CUGOS this week
* Let's try and get some feedback about the format during the meeting as well
* Andrew passed on past Spring Fling worksheets and other materials to Debbie
