---
layout: notes
attendees: 'Ryan Small, Debbie Bull, Andrew Powers, Jacob Lesser'
location: Cafe Allegro
time: 5:30pm
---

## Agenda

* Board roles
* Pre-scheduling meetings farther in advance
* Spring Fling
* Taxes
* Goals for 2018

## Board roles

The board members agreed to serve in the following roles
  * Debbie Bull - President
  * Andrew Powers - Vice President
  * Jacob Lesser - Secretary
  * Ryan Small - Treasurer
* **MOTION** Ryan makes a motion to appoint the board members to the proceeding roles, Andrew seconded, passed unanimously

## Pre-scheduling meetings

We will setup all meetings for the year on meetups.com in advance except for August, when CUGOS has traditionally not met due to low Summer turn-out.  We will continue to post meeting adgendas on the CUGOS website.

## Spring Fling

We are not planning to hold a Spring Fling this year.  We will promote the UW Hack Weekend instead.  If a CUGOS member would like to take on responsibilities of hosting and planning a Spring Fling, the board would be supportive.

## Taxes

CUGOS will Start a quickbooks online account and transfer the current Quickbooks data from Aaron's Quickbooks to the CUGOS online account. 
* **MOTION** Ryan makes a motion to purchase a quickbooks online subscription.  Andrew seconded, passed unanimously.

## Goals for 2018

Goals for 2018 are to focus on and promote our monthly meetings.  We will also support outside geospatial events like UW Hack Week and Maptime.

## Additional activities

CUGOS will organize an outing to Pony to support CUGOS member Jason, whom serves as DJ.

## Action Items

* Andrew will check on our room reservations
* Debbie will checkin with Christy to setup Meetup - Completed 2/7/2017
* Ryan will send Christy money for Meetup
* Board will cordinate setting up a Meetup page and pre-scheduling the meetings
* Board will send email to CUGOS mailing list to alert about Meetup page
* Jacob will publish minutes - Completed 2/21/2017
* Ryan will take over Quickbooks from Aaron - Completed 2/21/2017
* Ryan will do Taxes with Aaron
