---
layout: notes
attendees: 'Jacob Lesser, Seth Vincent, Ranek Kiil, Kate von Krusensteirn, Debbie Bull'
location: The Bounty
time: 6:00pm
---

## Agenda

* Board roles
* Orientation to the board
* Transfer accounts to treasurer
* Get debit card
* Setup auto payments for AWS / meetup / other services
* Taxes / File 990
* Discuss process for setting up meetings more than 1 in advance
* Discuss Fall Fling
* Create annual report to OSGeo?
* Review Bylaws and make changes as necessary
* Update meeting minutes / IRS Annual Reports / Financial reports on Cugos website
* Other business

## Board roles

The board members agreed to serve in the following roles
  * Jacob Lesser - President
  * Kate von Krusensteirn - Vice President
  * Seth Vincent - Secretary
  * Ranek Kiil - Treasurer
* **MOTION** Jacob makes a motion to appoint the board members to the proceeding roles, Kate seconded, passed unanimously

## Action items

* Ariel will get Seth signed up to various CUGOS SAAS accounts - Seth
* Board will review ByLaws and discuss any potential changes at next meeting
* We will get debit card and setup auto payments for SAAS (Meetup, Quickbooks, AWS) - Jacob, Ryan Small, Ranek
* We will update forward for hello@cugos.org
* Setup a bot for auto signing people up for Slack / Google Group - Ranek [Done]
* File 990 - Kate, Jacobb [Done]
* Look into setting up more meetings in advance on GitHub - Seth
** We will need to change ByLaws to allow meetings to be posted more than 50 days
* Generate an annual report for  OSGEO - Debbie, Jacob
* Publish a financial report.  We will organize an annual business meeting - Jacob
* Post past meeting minutes to website - Jacob, Ariel, Debbie
* Add new board members to Github as admins - Jacob
* Send meeting reminders on Monday the second.  -Jacob
* Create a new meeting in GitHub - Seth
* Deb will share [contacts] email address.  She holds the key to our new meeting space.  We need to get the key by 345 on Wednesday.  [contact] can also get us a wifi code.

## Discussion points
* Discussion about having theme nights at cugos, like Python night, etc.  Members can drive those themes if they are interested in running with it.
* Potentially add women in GIS and other groups to Cugos.org website in Calendar app
* Ranek points out that three people are required to be on the bank account
