---
layout: notes
attendees: 'Keenan Ganz, Karsten Vennemann, Christy Heaton, Ben Silver, Matt Stevenson, Nat Henry'
location: Google Meet
time: 7:30 pm
---

## Order of events:

1. Determine roles
2. Discuss role of the board
3. Discuss adding new treasurer to bank account
4. Discuss spring/fall flings

## Roles

- President (Christy Heaton): calls meetings together
- VP (Matt Stevenson): calls meetings together if the President isn't available
- Secretary (Keenan Ganz): keep meeting notes in a public place
- Treasurer (Nat Henry): does the money
- At-large members (Karsten Vennemann, Ben Silver): helps out however they want!

## Role of the board

Lots of people do work to keep CUGOS running. How can we run the group more effectively, get people engaged/involved so not all of the planning falls on one/two/three people? Good to have a rotating board to make this mindset more apparent.

The goal of the board is to grow the CUGOS membership and help those members become more invested in the organization through volunteer opportunities.

## Next tasks

* Add these notes to the website
* Update board members on website
* Add Nat to the bank account
* Do tax forms - state and local

## Fling discussion

* People want to do them but we don't have a lot of time. Suggestion to interact with OSGeo people in Victoria via Karsten.
* Unconference format: people show up, say what they want to do, and then do it.
* Hardest part is to get a venue. UW is preferred. Max budget is $2k.

# Motions

* Motion to elect board members to the roles listed above - passed 6/0/0.
